8.8 D4C integration docs (#3247)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/d4c-overview.asciidoc

[[d4c-overview]]
= Container workload protection

Elastic Container Workload Protection (CWP) provides cloud-native runtime protections for containerized environments by identifying and optionally blocking unexpected system behavior in Kubernetes containers.

[[d4c-use-cases]]
[discrete]
== Use cases

[discrete]
=== Threat detection & threat hunting

> CWP sends system events from your containers to {es}. {elastic-sec}'s prebuilt security rules include many designed to detect malicious behaviors in container runtimes. These can help you detect behaviors that should never take place in containers, such as reverse shell executions, privilege escalation, container escape attempts, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CWP sends system events from your containers to {es}. {elastic-sec}'s prebuilt security rules include many designed to detect malicious behaviors in container runtimes. These can help you detect behaviors that should never occur in containers, such as reverse shell executions, privilege escalation, container escape attempts, and more.
```

[discrete]
=== Drift detection & prevention
Cloud-native containers should be immutable, meaning that their file systems should not change during normal operations. By leveraging this principle, security teams can detect unusual system behavior with a high degree of accuracy — without relying on more resource-intensive techniques like memory scanning or attack signature detection. Elastic’s Drift Detection mechanism has a low rate of false positives, so you can deploy it in most environments without worrying about creating excessive alerts.

[discrete]
=== Workload protection policies
CWP uses a powerful policy language to restrict container workloads to a set of allowlisted capabilities chosen by you. When employed with Drift and Threat Detection, this can provide multiple layers of defense.

[discrete]
== Support matrix:
[options="header"]
|===
| | EKS 1.24-1.26 (AL2022) | GKE 1.24-1.26 (COS)
| Process event exports | ✓ | ✓
| Network event exports | ✓ | ✓
| File event exports | ✓ | ✓
| File blocking | ✓ | ✓
| Process blocking | Coming Soon | Coming Soon
| Network blocking | ✗ | ✗
| Drift prevention | ✓ | ✓
| Mount point awareness | ✓ | ✓
|===

[discrete]
== How CWP works

> CWP uses a lightweight integration, Defend for Containers (D4C). When you deploy the D4C integration, it gets bundled with and configured by {agent}. The {agent} gets installed as a DaemonSet on your Kubernetes clusters, enabling D4C to use eBPF Linux Security Modules https://docs.kernel.org/bpf/prog_lsm.html[LSM] and tracepoint probes to record system events. Events are evaluated against LSM hook points, enabling {agent} to evaluate system activity against your policy before allowing it to proceed.

Author: I meant that the integration gets implemented by agent on the hosts, but I see why the way it's written is unclear and I'm going to just write `When you set up the D4C integration, it gets deployed by {agent}.`
